# Multilingual Revisions helper for Drupal 8

This was built to make life a little easier for content editors on multilingual sites with Content
Moderation or Workbench Moderation enabled.

Currently, if the default language version of a node has a draft-in-progress, it's not possible to update/publish a 
translation of that node if there are any untranslateable fields (including files) or if the URL alias is 
generated by pathauto. 

Paragraphs is currently working on the issue https://www.drupal.org/project/paragraphs/issues/2951436
This is also a problem in Pathauto, but I'm unaware of an issue at this time

This module is a stopgap measure so site users don't run into content issues caused by creating translations of content 
that has a draft in progress

If this module is installed, editors will not be able to edit a node's translation if there is a draft-in-progress of t
the default language version.

**If a user visits a not-default-language node on the front end, 
and the default language node has a draft in progress:**

Local task buttons are grayed out (with css, so you can still get into the node if needed)

An alert appears stating:
>There is a draft in progress for the [default language] version of this page. 
       Editing options are disabled until the [default language] draft is published or removed. 
       The [default language]  draft-in-progress can be found [link to active draft in default language]
       
       
**If a user visits a not-default-language node edit form, and the default language node has a draft in progress:**
 
The node form is hidden from the user and replaced with same "There is a draft in progress..." 
notice that is quoted above.

This does limit user workflows a bit. As long as there isn't a need to work on translations while the default
language version has an active draft, this module can reduce support tickets and behavior that many users would 
perceive as buggy.